Begining!
HEBOCON is a "robot competition for technical shorts".
"You underestimate my power!"
He started in Japan and is now in 25 countries.
Sumo rules: Exit the ring or turn around and get out.
There is a hindrance system to discourage high-tech robots.
You literally blow in a fan there (!)
Lego with hat.
This is an origami frog.
In the event of a draw, the winner is the robot that has gone the most distance.
This is quite advanced for this race. Against me, Baby .. Baby ... Oh my God!
This Hebocon was held at the EMF Camp, a creator festival in the UK.
I do not know which side the crowd will be.
We have a beautiful, hand-made, knit robot ...
... against the toilet.
32 robots have been in two-sided and quadrilateral knockout battles.
Piloted by someone from Robot Wars ...
You have no chance to get out of this looking like a good friend. It's like what!
Lost wheel, wheel disappeared there - oh!
Oh, koala-bot is gone!
So our big final ...
Are Tiktak and Pingu please take them to the stage!
2! 1! Activate!
Pinggu was a penguin clock in a cup, with a cane shield.
Tiktat was a disassembled toy loaded with a dynamo spin.
Finally, the victory was settled at a distance.
6! 5! 4! 3! 2! 1!
The winner should be: Tiktak!
Hebocon does not have a question of victory, but of heboness.
For your amazing efforts, despite the failure, I reward you ...
with this box!
And the prize for the winner of Hebocon UK
In Electromagnetic Field 2016
And a well-deserved winner,
Please give it
for Tiktak!
It was Hebocon, We hope you liked the show, Good evening!
Thanks to our film team, thanks to our creators of robots,
Thanks to Jim for guiding everything
I will get out of this tuxedo. Have a good evening!
Translation - Lux